Add a note about certificate file watching (#31588)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/release-notes/aspnetcore-8.0.md

.NET 8 adds support for Application-Layer Protocol Negotiation (ALPN) to macOS. ALPN is a TLS feature used to negotiate which HTTP protocol a connection will use. For example, ALPN allows browsers and other HTTP clients to request an HTTP/2 connection. This feature is especially useful for gRPC apps, which require HTTP/2. For more information, see <xref:fundamentals/servers/kestrel/http2>.

### Certificate file watching in Kestrel

> TLS certificates [configured](dotnet/core/extensions/configuration) by path are now monitored for changes when `reloadOnChange` is passed to [KestrelServerOptions.Configure](dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.server.kestrel.core.kestrelserveroptions.configure).  A change to the certificate file is treated the same way as a change to the configured path (i.e. endpoints are reloaded).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TLS certificates [configured](xref:fundamentals/configuration/index) by path are now monitored for changes when `reloadOnChange` is passed to <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.Kestrel.Core.KestrelServerOptions.Configure?displayProperty=nameWithType>.  A change to the certificate file is treated the same way as a change to the configured path (that is, endpoints are reloaded).
```
